# OrderCampaign

## Properties

Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**Id** | Pointer to **string** | The campaign&#39;s ID returned by GrabFood upon campaign creation. | [optional] 
**Name** | Pointer to **string** | The name of the campaign. This campaign name has been automatically generated by Grab for display in the customer app. | [optional] 
**CampaignNameForMex** | Pointer to **string** | The campaign name provided by the merchant in [Create Campaign](#tag/create-campaign). Whitelist required, reach out to your integration manager. | [optional] 
**Level** | Pointer to **string** | The campaign level. | [optional] 
**Type** | Pointer to **string** | The type of campaign. | [optional] 
**UsageCount** | Pointer to **int64** | The campaign redemption count in this order. | [optional] 
**MexFundedRatio** | Pointer to **int32** | The ratio funded by the merchant in percentage. | [optional] 
**DeductedAmount** | Pointer to **int64** | The deducted amount in minor unit format. &#x60;Item price(tax inclusive) * 20% discount | 2375*0.2&#x60; | [optional] 
**DeductedPart** | Pointer to **string** | The part that the campaign is applied. | [optional] 
**AppliedItemIDs** | Pointer to **[]string** | An array of item IDs that get discount under this campaign. &#x60;null&#x60; if no item applied in this campaign. | [optional] 
**FreeItem** | Pointer to [**OrderFreeItem**](OrderFreeItem.md) |  | [optional] 

## Methods

### NewOrderCampaign

`func NewOrderCampaign() *OrderCampaign`

NewOrderCampaign instantiates a new OrderCampaign object
This constructor will assign default values to properties that have it defined,
and makes sure properties required by API are set, but the set of arguments
will change when the set of required properties is changed

### NewOrderCampaignWithDefaults

`func NewOrderCampaignWithDefaults() *OrderCampaign`

NewOrderCampaignWithDefaults instantiates a new OrderCampaign object
This constructor will only assign default values to properties that have it defined,
but it doesn't guarantee that properties required by API are set

### GetId

`func (o *OrderCampaign) GetId() string`

GetId returns the Id field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetIdOk

`func (o *OrderCampaign) GetIdOk() (*string, bool)`

GetIdOk returns a tuple with the Id field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetId

`func (o *OrderCampaign) SetId(v string)`

SetId sets Id field to given value.

### HasId

`func (o *OrderCampaign) HasId() bool`

HasId returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetName

`func (o *OrderCampaign) GetName() string`

GetName returns the Name field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetNameOk

`func (o *OrderCampaign) GetNameOk() (*string, bool)`

GetNameOk returns a tuple with the Name field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetName

`func (o *OrderCampaign) SetName(v string)`

SetName sets Name field to given value.

### HasName

`func (o *OrderCampaign) HasName() bool`

HasName returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetCampaignNameForMex

`func (o *OrderCampaign) GetCampaignNameForMex() string`

GetCampaignNameForMex returns the CampaignNameForMex field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetCampaignNameForMexOk

`func (o *OrderCampaign) GetCampaignNameForMexOk() (*string, bool)`

GetCampaignNameForMexOk returns a tuple with the CampaignNameForMex field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetCampaignNameForMex

`func (o *OrderCampaign) SetCampaignNameForMex(v string)`

SetCampaignNameForMex sets CampaignNameForMex field to given value.

### HasCampaignNameForMex

`func (o *OrderCampaign) HasCampaignNameForMex() bool`

HasCampaignNameForMex returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetLevel

`func (o *OrderCampaign) GetLevel() string`

GetLevel returns the Level field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetLevelOk

`func (o *OrderCampaign) GetLevelOk() (*string, bool)`

GetLevelOk returns a tuple with the Level field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetLevel

`func (o *OrderCampaign) SetLevel(v string)`

SetLevel sets Level field to given value.

### HasLevel

`func (o *OrderCampaign) HasLevel() bool`

HasLevel returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetType

`func (o *OrderCampaign) GetType() string`

GetType returns the Type field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetTypeOk

`func (o *OrderCampaign) GetTypeOk() (*string, bool)`

GetTypeOk returns a tuple with the Type field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetType

`func (o *OrderCampaign) SetType(v string)`

SetType sets Type field to given value.

### HasType

`func (o *OrderCampaign) HasType() bool`

HasType returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetUsageCount

`func (o *OrderCampaign) GetUsageCount() int64`

GetUsageCount returns the UsageCount field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetUsageCountOk

`func (o *OrderCampaign) GetUsageCountOk() (*int64, bool)`

GetUsageCountOk returns a tuple with the UsageCount field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetUsageCount

`func (o *OrderCampaign) SetUsageCount(v int64)`

SetUsageCount sets UsageCount field to given value.

### HasUsageCount

`func (o *OrderCampaign) HasUsageCount() bool`

HasUsageCount returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetMexFundedRatio

`func (o *OrderCampaign) GetMexFundedRatio() int32`

GetMexFundedRatio returns the MexFundedRatio field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetMexFundedRatioOk

`func (o *OrderCampaign) GetMexFundedRatioOk() (*int32, bool)`

GetMexFundedRatioOk returns a tuple with the MexFundedRatio field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetMexFundedRatio

`func (o *OrderCampaign) SetMexFundedRatio(v int32)`

SetMexFundedRatio sets MexFundedRatio field to given value.

### HasMexFundedRatio

`func (o *OrderCampaign) HasMexFundedRatio() bool`

HasMexFundedRatio returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetDeductedAmount

`func (o *OrderCampaign) GetDeductedAmount() int64`

GetDeductedAmount returns the DeductedAmount field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetDeductedAmountOk

`func (o *OrderCampaign) GetDeductedAmountOk() (*int64, bool)`

GetDeductedAmountOk returns a tuple with the DeductedAmount field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetDeductedAmount

`func (o *OrderCampaign) SetDeductedAmount(v int64)`

SetDeductedAmount sets DeductedAmount field to given value.

### HasDeductedAmount

`func (o *OrderCampaign) HasDeductedAmount() bool`

HasDeductedAmount returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetDeductedPart

`func (o *OrderCampaign) GetDeductedPart() string`

GetDeductedPart returns the DeductedPart field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetDeductedPartOk

`func (o *OrderCampaign) GetDeductedPartOk() (*string, bool)`

GetDeductedPartOk returns a tuple with the DeductedPart field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetDeductedPart

`func (o *OrderCampaign) SetDeductedPart(v string)`

SetDeductedPart sets DeductedPart field to given value.

### HasDeductedPart

`func (o *OrderCampaign) HasDeductedPart() bool`

HasDeductedPart returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetAppliedItemIDs

`func (o *OrderCampaign) GetAppliedItemIDs() []string`

GetAppliedItemIDs returns the AppliedItemIDs field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetAppliedItemIDsOk

`func (o *OrderCampaign) GetAppliedItemIDsOk() (*[]string, bool)`

GetAppliedItemIDsOk returns a tuple with the AppliedItemIDs field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetAppliedItemIDs

`func (o *OrderCampaign) SetAppliedItemIDs(v []string)`

SetAppliedItemIDs sets AppliedItemIDs field to given value.

### HasAppliedItemIDs

`func (o *OrderCampaign) HasAppliedItemIDs() bool`

HasAppliedItemIDs returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### SetAppliedItemIDsNil

`func (o *OrderCampaign) SetAppliedItemIDsNil(b bool)`

 SetAppliedItemIDsNil sets the value for AppliedItemIDs to be an explicit nil

### UnsetAppliedItemIDs
`func (o *OrderCampaign) UnsetAppliedItemIDs()`

UnsetAppliedItemIDs ensures that no value is present for AppliedItemIDs, not even an explicit nil
### GetFreeItem

`func (o *OrderCampaign) GetFreeItem() OrderFreeItem`

GetFreeItem returns the FreeItem field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetFreeItemOk

`func (o *OrderCampaign) GetFreeItemOk() (*OrderFreeItem, bool)`

GetFreeItemOk returns a tuple with the FreeItem field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetFreeItem

`func (o *OrderCampaign) SetFreeItem(v OrderFreeItem)`

SetFreeItem sets FreeItem field to given value.

### HasFreeItem

`func (o *OrderCampaign) HasFreeItem() bool`

HasFreeItem returns a boolean if a field has been set.


[[Back to Model list]](../README.md#documentation-for-models) [[Back to API list]](../README.md#documentation-for-api-endpoints) [[Back to README]](../README.md)


